https://make.wordpress.org/community/handbook/community-deputy/general-supporter-information/communication-and-meetings/community-team-meetings/

# Reuniones del equipo comunitario

El equipo de la comunidad se reúne el primer y tercer jueves de cada mes en el canal [#community-team](http://wordpress.slack.com/messages/community-team/) de [Slack](https://make.wordpress.org/chat/). Consulta los horarios actuales en la barra lateral de [make.wordpress.org/community](https://make.wordpress.org/community) o en el cuadro de bienvenida. Estas reuniones suelen durar aproximadamente una hora.

### Acoger el chat del equipo comunitario

Cualquier seguidor del programa puede organizar los chats del equipo comunitario. El formato suele ser el siguiente:

1. Marque el inicio de la reunión con un saludo.
2. Pida a los delegados que nos informen sobre lo que están haciendo, cómo van las cosas, si hay algo que bloquea su progreso y cómo pueden ayudar otros delegados.
3. Consulte el orden del día que se publica en Make/Community unos días antes del chat, publique los enlaces pertinentes y permita el debate.
4. Destaque los puestos P2 abiertos que necesiten comentarios y/o los puestos que los diputados deban conocer.
5. Si hay tiempo, abra el debate sobre otros temas que puedan surgir.
6. Cierre de la reunión.

Por lo general, es una buena práctica tratar de mantener la conversación en movimiento en aras del tiempo. Si empiezan a producirse debates acalorados y/o una discusión se alarga demasiado, guíe a la gente para que publique/comente en el P2 para seguir discutiendo.

**Si lo desea, puede utilizar el siguiente script para los chats del equipo comunitario.**

---

@program-supporters **It’s Community Team Meeting time!!!!** :community: :wave:

—

<community-team-meeting>

**We are kicking off the Community Team Meeting now.** Feel free to join us, even if you are not currently active in the team! 

This meeting is meant for all contributors on the team and everyone who is interested in taking part in some of the things our team does. Most contributors on this team are volunteers, but we do have a handful of people who are sponsored to do this work.

For anyone who is joining for the first time (whether active or observing), this is a meeting where community contributors discuss:

- Issues that have come up. 
- WordCamps/meetups they are working on.
- What is going on in this corner of the WordPress project.

Ask questions as you have them, but remember we are family-friendly around here.

Today’s preliminary agenda is here: **{link to agenda post}**

—

**Okay, let’s get going!**

React to this message with your flags so we can see where you’re all from :blush:

—

:heart: **First on the agenda is the usual Supporter, Manager, and Contributor check-in.**

Answer any that apply:

- What have you been doing and how is it going? 
- Anything you’ve accomplished since the last meeting? 
- Are there any blockers? 
- Can other team members help you in some way?

—

As we move through today’s meeting please indicate with a thumbs up on any link I share when you feel ready to move on to the next item.

This way we can stay on-track but also move at a pace with which people feel comfortable. I’ll do my best to gauge when when it seems the majority have reacted based on how many are here.

—

:rotating_light: **Next, some highlighted things everyone should be aware of.**

**{links and descriptions of highlighted items}**

—

:bulb: **Moving forward: new and ongoing discussions needing review, feedback, thoughts and comments.** Even commenting +1 or something short to these posts is really valuable and helpful!

**{links and descriptions of discussion items}**

—

:speech_balloon: **Last but not least, it’s time to open the floor!**

Is there anything you’d like to say or talk about? Did we miss something on our agenda today?

—

**Thank you all for being here today! This meeting will be held with the same agenda later today at 21:00 UTC to cover an Americas friendly timezone.**

Needless to say, if anyone has questions or feedback, do not hesitate to comment, someone will always respond. Couldn’t make today’s meeting times? No problem!! Add your information anytime. :community:

</community-team-meeting>

==Última actualización: 27 de septiembre de 2023==